Task 2.e.
Simulate test scenarios and compare model results with experimental responses
1. Examine model to make sure the dynamics are representative
2. Rerun model with profile previously used
3. Identify appropriate vehicle parameter ranges from literature
4. Adjust vehicle parameters such that responses match.
5. Look at alternative vehicle and bridge parameters that also produce matching results
6. Compare vehicle and bridge acceleration and stress responses with/without profile
7. Run different measured profile and different lanes
7. Look into alternative profiles (i.e. artificially generated) and the resulting effect on model response
8. Hypothesize key characteristics of profile (likely in frequency domain) that when removed, reduce amplification
9. Calculate amplification factors of I76 for different locations and different quantities (i.e. stress and displacement)
10. Select simulation scenario to use for future comparison (control simulation)

11. Document task

Task 3.a.
Reduce model complexity
1. Look into the effect of the number of spans and number of modes included, reduce as possible
2. Reduce model by eliminating substructure (make sure dynamic properties remain the same)
3. Compare original, grillage, and single line models
4. Document Task

Task 3.b.
Identify model properties to which dynamic amplification is sensitive
1. Compile from previous work and brainstorm for additional. List.
2. Ensure they all influence control simulation
Task 3.c.
Develop parameter ranges
3. Identify parameters that influence more than one mechanism
4. Identify non-unique parameters
5. Figure out how these parameters should be altered in the model, adjust as necessary
6. Begin Looking into API methods of adjusting model properties
7. Create sensitivity plots
8. Identify preliminary ranges
9. Document

Task 3.d.
Examine and refine sensitivity plots
1. Identify quantities that are dependent on multiple parameters (e.g. mode frequency)
 and determine if responses remain constant with different parameter values that produce the same quantity
2. Look through each sensitivity study
  1. Identify other parameters that should be altered to check if sensitivity bounds change
  2. Identify if parameter is adjusted in the correct way
  3. Make sure increment amount is appropriate
  4. Select final range values
3. Compile and document and comment of final parameter set and ranges. Justify ranges as need be.
