Frank's review:
Methods of processing (filtering, PSD, 
	Specific parameters based on defaults, playing around, passed down rules-of-thumb.
Where does the whole human comfort thing fit in
CMIF has been thoroughly documented in literature, devitis thesis, just summarize?
Trying to demonstrate the acceleration is not just high frequency content, that it low frequency and associated with appreicable bridge deformation. Best way to do this?
Filtering is loose.  Amplification from it is only an estimate. Methods are my own rules-of-thumb. Explain these, list assumptions violated, use FE to demonstrate the feasibility?
 
send out poll
Why is slightly higher vehicle frequency worst case
	show that vehicle is changing freq (load on the bridge)
	show worst case frequency if only load is applied.
Why does simplified model have increased errors with higher amplification and with high frequency bridges?
	try on really soft system 
	why do errors seem to increase with increase amplification

	what do higher modes contribute
		% truck accel with different number of included modes
Is simplified model always conservative
	show why/always conservative
	higher modes reduce amplification
	not conservative when vehicle has a high natural frequency because it excites higher modes not included
		but still less than worst case (lower frequency vehicle)
		try with stiff vehicles to show limitations (need to include higher modes)

TO DO:
make plots line and marker to provide resolution info

Spruce up intro and add objectives and outline
Provide objectives and strategy for first part (stid), and reorganize content as appropriate (i.e. fe model first)
Objectives and FE driven instumentation design
Sensor and DAQ details and specs
pull out human comfort content (+ accel2disp)
filter parameter decision justification
Why use PSD, pwelch, parameters
demonstrate capabilities of converting accel to displacement in the frequency domain, list assumptions
CMIF, greater detail (see Devitis thesis)
Greater detail on estimating amplification via filtering (assumptions, decisions, demonstrate ability with FE model)
Compare operational responses to those from design level loads to show source of conservatism compensating for damp
Figures and better explanation of uplift at midspan.
Formalize model updating (ojective function, etc.)


